##### Who Am I?
by Sally Jespa
(prem. ADPPP #1 ~51:30)

my boots are heavy
my clothes are thick and dusty
my hair is hidden under a hat

i am a cowgirl
i rise with the sun
i move like a semi truck
i have but one friend - a horse
i am a cowgirl

but woa, alas - i am changing like a butterfly going through that one process

i am becoming anew

i burst forth from the cocoon
but who am i?

my shoes are light and support my arches
my clothes are bright and full of wild patterns
my hair is free and pumped with volume and bounce
i am a fly girl

i rise for rehearsals and a taping
i move like i can't be stopped
i have more friends than ever, including jlo and rosie perez
i am a fly girl

so do what you want to do
in living color



##### I One Time Killed a Frankenstein
by Dalton Wilcox
(prem. ADPPP #1 ~43:45)

i one time killed a frankenstein whilst shopping in a store
he lurched toward me, arms outstretched, as i ambled toward the door
in my hands, a new bandana; a hat, ten gallons deep
in my body was a soul which my body aimed to keep

his voice was ghastly as he spoke in halting monster speech
and i tried with all my might to stay out of his reach
he said 'you gotta pay for that' and filled my heart with dread
and then i drew my six-gun and shot the monster dead

the news reports described the monster simply as a man
to keep from terrifying folks (as only a frankenstein can)



##### I Have Been to Goddamned Europe
by Dalton Wilcox
(prem. Comedy Bang! Bang! 529 ~1:10:20)

when a Cowboy from the american west goes to europe
he finds things we have here like cars and maple syrup
but their food is so bad it'll give a Cowboy the runs
and they'll sure get upset when he tries to sneak in his guns

in his carry-on bag or his checked luggage, too
which that Cowboy may not realize they were going to look through
he may spend a few hours being detained and harrassed
before they give up, pussy out, and let him pass

that Cowboy will sure be glad, i can tell ya
that he also mailed some pistols to himself - how's that, fella?
in a country where no one else is ever armed
a Cowboy can do whatever with no fear of being harmed

he can take what he wants or who he wants, in fact
and no one will criticize the way that he acts
he can shoot lots of people, lots of people - quite a few
that's just something a Cowboy needs to do

so europe is awful and stupid and weird
but a Cowboy can go there without being afeared
of not bein able to shoot people



##### There's Other Things a Cowboy Can Also Fuck
by Dalton Wilcox
(prem. Comedy Bang! Bang! 442 ~1:11:00)

a loneseme Cowboy out on the range
will fuck things a city slicker might find strange
i am not speaking of the horse or the cow
because fucking them isn't so strange anywhow

in the natural relationship between man and those beasts
there will always be a fuckin once in a while at least
so i, my friends, am not talking of that
nor am i talkin about fucking your hat

there's nothin strange about Cowboy hat fuckin
this is not a topic any Cowboy will try ducking
we all fuck our horses and our cows and our hats
and our holsters and our boots and piles of coyote scat

i've told you before we fuck holes in the ground
in the poem which is, deservedly, my most renowned
but there's other things a Cowboy can also fuck
some he has handy; others require some luck

it is no great matter to fuck a tree
a wallet or a can of beans - those things you can see
but a Cowboy who's serious, determined, and disciplined
a Cowboy like this can fuck the wind

gotta have a speed of at least forty miles an hour
and your hips have to have some real thrusting power
but when conditions are right she's a very tender lover
one of the best sex partners this Cowboy has discovered

but don't do it too often; don't get overzealous
because if you fuck the wind too much the earth will get jealous


##### Regarding the Situation of the Evil Versus Good Battle that is Commencing Here on the Twilight Nether Region to Decide 
by Dalton WilcoxWhether Everybody Who's Died Since 1981 is Going to Heaven or Hell
(prem. Comedy Bang! Bang! 300 ~45:30)

ever since satan fell out with his buddy, god
he's been goin around pickin up members for his evil squad
tempting men to sin; consigning them to hell
always in the market for souls men want to sell

he's taken many earthly forms - a lot of times, vampires
mummies, werewolves, frankensteins who are, ironically, afraid of fires
i've killed satan a buncha times, which is why i am a hero
right now the score is: dalton, a lot; and satan's forces, zero

but now he is a game show host and candidate for honorary mayor
to defeat the evil within this man will take much more than prayer
and he has a supreme commander - a shapeshifting ventriloquist dummy
he can take the form of water, a hairbrush, or a mummy

his name is Golly; and you might think he's as evil as it gets
but if that's your bet you, sir, are not good at making bets
for there is another - a supreme commander to this supreme commander
a theatrical director who speaks with a voice like a black & decker electric sander

dom dimello, satan's boss' boss, has amassed a deadly force
which is why i've ridden to the rescue atop my tallest horse
with six guns a-blazin i ride out from the west
a steak of wood down my pantleg to plunge into your chest

my horse's hoofs land on the turf a-thunderin like a bomb
and 'you must buy your wife at least as much jewelry as you buy your horse and other poems and observations, humorous and otherwise, from a life on the range...' is now available as an audiobook at audible.com


##### Ebenezer Wilcox
by Dalton Wilcox
(prem. Comedy Bang! Bang! 262 ~36:00)

it was christmastime out in the west
the time of year Cowboys like the best
but i had had a real hard year and was not filled with christmas cheer
i'd lost 20 head of cattle to a vampire coven
and another girlfriend had been found with her head in the oven

and i know what happens when you feel this way
when christmas comes and you are not gay
so i kept my ears out for those three christmas spirits
if a ghost tried to get me i'd damn well hear it

and sure enough: a ghost! a ghost! a ghost! a ghost! a ghost!
the thing, next to vampires and mummies, that a Cowboy fears the most
it came at me to remind me of bad things from my past
like the time i ran over a family cuz i was driving a little too fast

yes he came in the form of sheriff Lomax with a warrant for hit and run
and that ghost got the action end of my smith & wesson gun
i was tryin to bury him when the next ghost did appear
the ghost of christmas of present in the form of Jimmy Greer, my old ranch hand, tryin to haunt me about burying a man

so i hit him with the shovel and began to dig again

the ghost of christmas future was a fella from the bank
i stuffed his mouth and nose with money as a funny kind of prank
and after that a strange thing happened - i was in a better mood
those christmas ghosts had done their job: i was no longer being rude

i told a boy to buy me the biggest goose in town
he turned out to be a mummy so i had to gun him down
but it's shapin up to be the greatest christmas of them all
so from the heart of the west comes a cheerful cry: merry christmas one and all!


##### Also Mummies
by Dalton Wilcox
(prem. Comedy Bang! Bang! 148 ~57:20 - dedicated to Pete Dawson, Lennox Wilder, Boone Wilder, Cal Turner, Marlon Keaton, Don Holt)

in the sands of ancient Egypt when a pharaoh died
they were wrapped in bandages while their kinfolk cried
they were buried with their treasures in pyramids of stone
and curses were placed on these crypts, the pharaoh's eternal home

but eons passed and greedy men began to poke about
in hopes of finding gold and taking that gold out
and in so doing the greedy men stirred the pharaoh's curse
just to get a little bit of gold inside their goldpiece purse

and now there's mummies roaming the plains
seeking revenge for ancient pains
a Cowboy never knows when a mummy may appear
which will help explain his ever-present mummy fear

and why he sets fire to you first and then asks questions later
a mummy can look like a ranch hand or a waiter
or a sheriff or a child or anyone a Cowboy might meet in the wild
so many mummies that lived centuries ago
meet their end at the hands of the Cowboy, you know

perhaps Cowboys should be stationed at every crypt
buried deep beneath the pyramids of good, old Egypt

mummies! mummies! mummies! mummies!



##### A Dangerous Life
by Dalton Wilcox
(prem. Comedy Bang! Bang! 148 ~44:00 - dedicated to the memories of Winston Black, Carlisle Dunhill, Baxter Fields, Tom Sherwood, Lester Delwood, Wesley Norton)

the Cowboy's life is full of danger
to risks to his life he is never a stranger
he knows there's a chance his horse may throw him
he lives in a fear that a storm may blow him

of all the ways a Cowboy may meet his end
there are few against which he can defend
his rifle can't shoot the wind or the fire
it will not work against vampires who stalk the plains for Cowboy blood and leave their prey dead in the mud

every shadow that moves in the night gives the Cowboy vampire fright
vampires, vampires, vampires, vampires
with fangs as sharp as new barbed wire
they sneak up on Cowboys - sit behind em on their horse
and ride that way for miles, of course

the Cowboy, riding unawares until he feels icy fingers brushing his hairs
off of his neck to get a clean bite
and reduce his palor to a ghostly white
a vampire can look like anyone - getting killed by one would not be fun
a smart Cowboy will carry a stake of wood
and bury it in the heart of anyone he thinks he should

some of these may turn out to be regular men
but better safe than sorry then


##### The Lonesome Cowboy
by Dalton Wilcox
(prem. Comedy Bang! Bang! 148 ~32:30)

a Cowboy is a lonesome man
there's none more lonesome in the land
he rides atop his only friend - his horse, a companion on whom he can depend
his woman may be miles behind him
sadness and desperation may find him

but a Cowboy who's wise will turn to the earth to lend him solace and even mirth
the earth from which all beauty springs, such bounty forth she always brings
he'll dig a hole with cracked, scorched hands; pour in all the water that hole demands
until that hole is moist, just right - the earth'll never put up any kind of a fight

his cries of joy no one will hear
in case i am not being clear - i'm saying that Cowboy is gonna fuck a hole in the ground
we all do it, that's what i have found
any Cowboy that knows that lonesome hell can fashion a land virginie well
if a Cowboy's seed worked like other seeds there'd be Cowboys growing everywhere across the plains like weeds


##### A Visit to Pittick Mansion
by Dalton Wilcox

a mansion - large, forbidding, old
in the summer it is hot; in the winter, probably cold
because of an outdated heating system and a lack of central air
but there's worse things, by far, that is probably hidden in there
a mansion like this, like i am describing
is just the perfect place for a ghost to be hiding

a ghost, a specter, a phaint, and a spirit
stop listening now if you're too scared to hear it
i went in there looking - knowing what i would find
to slaughter a ghost is what i had in mind
the entryway was fine; and so was the toilet
the kitchen door howled like a ghost (so someone ought to oil it)

i went room-to-room looking for signs of haunting
and there's a lot of rooms there so that job is pretty daunting
but i saw nothing strange, nothing scary or dramatic
until i decided it was time to check the attic
"the attic's off-limits," said a man in a red vest with a pin reading "volunteer" a-pinned onto his chest
"i know why you don't want me there," i said as i pulled my gun
cuz that's where you and the other ghosts live, work, and have fun

the attic! of course that's where the ghosts of pittick house dwell
and this, here, was a-one of em (just trust me, i can tell)
he said "what are you talking about? put that gun away." in fear
and well, sir, as per usual that was all i needed to hear
three silver bullets -- blam, blam, blam, blam -- okay, i guess it was four
and the ghost of pittick mansion doesn't live there anymore

so you feel free to visit there if you live here or you're touring
but honestly i would skip it - it's an old house, it's kind of boring